= E-Commerce System
This application implements an innovative E-Commerce Platform for a Buyer-Seller System.

=== Group Member
* Harsh Manocha - 2012134
* Pranav Jain - 2011075
* Pulkit Arora - 2012082
* Talha Ahmad Siddiqui - 2012111
=== Installation Details
Install Rails version 4.0.0 and Ruby version 2.1.4 using any authentic documentations available on the net.
Clone the repository or download the zip.
Extract the zip and cd to that folder.
Run the following commands to run the application-:
    bundle install
    rake db:migrate
    rake db:seed
    rails server
Enter URL http://localhost:3000 to visit the home page of the application.

=== Outline of the Project
Our application includes 4 design patterns namely Model-View-Controller, Adapter Pattern, Singleton and Factory Pattern.

The application is divided into two main sections:

* The buyer's side of the application manages the catalog, cart, 
  and checkout. There are four models and their respective controllers and views which handle
  Cart, LineItem, Order, and Product. There is also a SessionsController to manage sessions implemented via a Login system.

* This section is accessible only to the sellers. This is implemented by the SessionsController,
  and is enforced by the ApplicationController #authorize method. This side of the application
  handles product maintenance and order fulfillment.

The buyer can view many products and their details on the catalog page. S/he can then select respective items and add them to the cart.
Once the buyer is done selecting, s/he can checkout and proceed for payment. The order system then places the order for that
buyer to the respective sellers. A notification mail is sent to the buyer notifying her/him about the order summary.
The buyer also has an option of emptying the cart at any point of time.

Sellers can add a new product and it's details. They can also update or delete any product's information.
Sellers can also view the respective orders in their account. They have an option to delete and edit the order.

=== Technical Challenges
* Since a few of our team members were working on Ruby on Rails for the first time, we had a difficulty in
  setting up the framework which would be consistent for the team.

* Challenges in transitioning from the design phase to the implementation phase.

* Envisioning the tests before developing the code..